Update kafka channel samples with configmap changes (#3685)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/kafka/channel/README.md

## Specifying the default channel configuration

To configure the usage of the `KafkaChannel` CRD as the

> [default channel configuration](../../../channels/channel-types-defaults.md), edit the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[default channel configuration](../../../channels/channel-types-defaults), edit the
```

Author: I removed the MD suffix from this link, but now it appears invalid in my editor.  I assume that in final docs, a link to an MD file is valid without the file extension?

Author: Ah I see in the deployed preview that this does in fact work

**NOTE:** Kafka channels require these files to be in `.pem` format. If your files are in a different format, you must convert them to `.pem`.

> For the consolidated channel type, create the certificate files as secret

Reviewer: Procedures should remain as numbered steps

Author: I have replaced the numbering

  --from-literal=user="my-sasl-user"
```

or, if you want to use public CA certificates, you must use the
`tls.enabled=true` flag, rather than the `ca.crt` argument, for example:

```
$ kubectl create secret --namespace <namespace> generic <kafka-auth-secret> \
  --from-literal=tls.enabled=true \
  --from-literal=password="SecretPassword" \
  --from-literal=saslType="SCRAM-SHA-512" \
  --from-literal=user="my-sasl-user"
```

> *NOTE:* It is important to use the same keys; `user`, `password` and `saslType`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    It is important to use the same keys; `user`, `password` and `saslType`.
```
There's new formatting to use admonitions in mkdocs: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/#usage

Author: I have replaced this and the other collection of old *NOTE:* formatting in the file with the new style.

For the distributed channel type, do not place the certificate into the secret;
instead place the root certificate data (if using a custom CA cert) directly
into your `config-kafka` ConfigMap and set SASL.Enable to `true`. For example:

```
$ kubectl create secret --namespace <namespace> generic <kafka-auth-secret> \
    --from-literal=password="SecretPassword" \
    --from-literal=saslType="PLAIN" \
    --from-literal=username="my-sasl-user"
```

Example of adding a certificate to the `config-kafka` ConfigMap and enabling
TLS and SASL:

```
...
data:
  sarama: |
    config: |
      Net:
        TLS:
          Enable: true
          Config:
            RootPEMs: # Array of Root Certificate PEM Files (Use '|-' Syntax To Preserve Linefeeds & Avoiding Terminating \n)
            - |-
              -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
              MIIGDzCCA/egAwIBAgIUWq6j7u/25wPQiNMPZqL6Vy0rkvQwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL
              ...
              771uezZAFqd1GLLL8ZYRmCsAMg==
              -----END CERTIFICATE-----
        SASL:
          Enable: true
...
```

### All authentication methods

> After creating the secret for your desired authentication type using the above
> steps, reference that secret and the namespace of the secret in the
> `config-kafka` ConfigMap:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have created the secret for your desired authentication type by using the previous
steps, reference the secret and the namespace of the secret in the `config-kafka` ConfigMap:
```

Author: Modified the style as suggested

```
...
data:
  eventing-kafka: |
    kafka:
      authSecretName: <kafka-auth-secret>
      authSecretNamespace: <namespace>
...
 ```

> *NOTE:* The default secret name and namespace are `kafka-cluster` and

Reviewer: Again, admonition formatting please 🙂

Author: as suggested
